[Autogenerated] Amazon Guard Duty is a threat detection
service that continually monitors events across multiple AWS
data sources such as A W S CloudTrail, Amazon BPC flow logs and DNA is logs.
Guard duty uses machine learning to establish a baseline for your
normal account activity and assigns threats,
a category and severity.
You can even integrate findings into services like Lambda to
automatically take actions for remediation or prevention.
You can try it for free for 30 days.
Then you're charged based on the amount of data your account is producing.
That guard duty needs to analyze.
Threats are classified into three main categories.
Reconnaissance, such as unusual API activity,
port scanning,
failed log in requests or port probing from a known bad i p instantiate
compromise such as Cryptocurrency mining ________ activity,
unusually high volume of network traffic or data
exfiltration using drones and account compromise such as
attempts to disable AWS CloudTrail logging,
unusual infrastructure deployment or region usage,
or API calls from known bad i PS.
Amazon guard duty is easy to set up just a couple of clicks to configure
since it leverages these existing AWS infrastructure.
Once it's set up,
it will continually monitor your account and alert you with unusual
account activities from potential or real threats so you can take action on findings and protect your resource is.